README.md, before:

RogueChat
=========

A client and server for a roguelike chat room

If you are killed you must start over with a new name

Setup for running locally on a unix or linux computer

1. Check your version of python, I tested with 2.7.3 and 2.7.5 but it should work with any version of 2.6 or 2.7

2. Open terminal and enter python roguechatserver.py to start the server

3. Open a second terminal window and enter python roguechatclient.py to run the client

4. When asked for the host enter localhost

Commands

"#enter <roomname>" : Moves you to the room you enter

"#stab <name>" : Kills the player you enter returning them to the lobby and making them choose a new name

"#quit" : Exits the client returning you to a terminal prompt

"#look" : Gives information for the room the player is in, a list of other rooms and a list of players in the room

"#clean" : Removes blood from the room the player is in and notifies occupants of the room that the player is cleaning


Thanks to binarytides.com for their tutorial on python sockets and example code that got this project started

Commit message:

Added a hide body command that removes one body from the room and updated readme and tests

README.md, after:

RogueChat
=========

A client and server for a roguelike chat room

If you are killed you must start over with a new name

Setup for running locally on a unix or linux computer

1. Check your version of python, I tested with 2.7.3 and 2.7.5 but it should work with any version of 2.6 or 2.7

2. Open terminal and enter python roguechatserver.py to start the server

3. Open a second terminal window and enter python roguechatclient.py to run the client

4. When asked for the host enter localhost

Commands

"#enter <roomname>" : Moves you to the room you enter

"#stab <name>" : Kills the player you enter returning them to the lobby and making them choose a new name

"#quit" : Exits the client returning you to a terminal prompt

"#look" : Gives information for the room the player is in, a list of other rooms and a list of players in the room

"#clean" : Removes blood from the players current room and notifies occupants of that room

"#hide body" : Removes a body from the players current room and notifies the occupants of that room


Thanks to binarytides.com for their tutorial on python sockets and example code that got this project started
